Week 3 session 1!

A link containing the draft for the self portrait assessment task:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcFMD4t_P3A

The process of creating this draft included collating my clips- sourced at random as I was in desperate 
search of anything that was a body of water- the cloest thing to a beach I could access with ease. I 
then began by using some basic copyright free music- but the more I searched, and admittedly put more 
time/effort into said search, I found sounds much closer to my liking and they just fit the overall 
feeling better. I seem to have an issue with quality- the video is in 1080p, however it seems to upload 
as 240p despite my connection being perfect. I must task myself with investigating this.

The written intention of my work has remained in strict likeness to the previous weeks descriptions. 
The general concept of my storyboard is childhood, and how once we close the door to it growing up, we 
turn around and realise that it will be locked forever. To introduce it I simply would describe it as a
 glance back on childhood and how it still peeks through in the present although never fully returning.

Week 3 session 2!

I have just completed a final grammar check and ensured that each link is accessible from the deployed 
blog when live, and that everything is included!

I have made sure to include my cuts:
A match cut at time stamp 1:28 until 1:38- the sky being the connection/similar scene
Jump cuts from the beginning until the end of the clip of the for sale sign- telling a story through time of me moving
Slow cuts to emphasise the slow sort of nature of looking back on a memory, as well as keeping it calm 
and reflective, as fast cuts correlate which action etc.
It is also classified as a montage following the defintion being a collection of photos videos memories 
etc
I have adjusted audio and faded it out with the ending of the first song and beginning of the second
There is a fade to black and white in my final scene to sort of show the ending- as we associate black 
and white with the past through it's correlation to archaic media

Surprisingly I had more difficulty with the crossfade than I'd like to admit.. but after some tutorials 
I have done my best to implement it into the final 40 seconds of my piece. A small update; I found a 
spot for it in the final clip, I decided a hint of nostalgia might be nice and so I found two small 
clips of my childhood.

Thank you for reading :-D