This week we began our second assessment task, creating nine interactive icons underneath a chosen 
theme. Since we were told
to get creative with it, I opted for a scenario in which my user is someone in a later life stage, 
so considered "old". For my theme I selected "memory". My setting for the digital space will be a 
supermarket, or just any store, set in a futuristic sort of sci-fi world in which humans can feel 
emotions/memories they may have missed out on through purchasing USBs that they can plug into ports 
on their body- the interface in which the user can click on these icons will either be the shelf, 
where each are for sale- maybe one is an emotion pack, another places, another a person and then 
others I decide as I go along. My other idea for the interface was that they were all in the trolley 
ready for purchase, and that the user is looking down into their trolley with consideration deciding 
which to buy/look at. 

For our first homework task, we downloaded Adobe Illustrator and used a provided template for a black 
squares activity. We were provided themes, thr first being order, the second increase, then bold, 
congested, tension and playful. We then had to use no more than four black squares to create a visual 
represenation of what we interpreted each as, for example increase being four squares each getting 
larger. The videos were a great help as whilst each Adobe interface is similar the features differ- 
valuable tips included the V shortcut enabling the mini task bar, something introduced in 2024, as 
well as panels on the right side that are collapsible and expandible. 
To zoom with ease you can select an icon and press the command key and plus- at least for mac, it 
differs for windows. It zooms in slowly in increments and if you wish to zoom out command minus will 
slowyl pull your focus away from it. 
Command 0 allows perfect focus on the entire document so you can see everything perfectly in frame and 
with good quality. Command 1 will fit to 100%. 
Z is the main shortcut for zooming in. If an animated zoom is not your preference, it may be disabled 
in settings, and so to zoom all you must do is click and drag to create an area of focus and then hit 
Z for an instantaneous zoom in on whatever your desire. 
Clicking H provides the hand tool allowing for a click and drag with ease. Command and spacebar are 
also capable of an instantaneous zoom if you select an area and use them. 
Shift and H will trigger the rotate tool, useful for spinning not only your point of view but the 
entire piece you find yourself working on- it was also pointed out that the track pad is an easier 
way to do this. Hitting the esc button will revert your point of view. 
Holding down the shift key will allow you to add to your current selection, and can be easily 
subtracted at anytime using it once more.
Pressing A triggers the shortcut for the direct selection tool, useful for touching up on the anchor 
points of an object. 
Pressing Q enables the lasso tool, which allows you to drag lines to whatever shape you like- useful 
for selecting anchor points that are not always accessible. 
Command 0 triggers the magic wand tool.
Everything on illustrator has a hidden ID that Illustrator uses to identify what you are currently 
selecting and working on. This means that even when something undergoes a visual change, ranging from 
colour to size, it is still just the same to illustrator and you can still group together objects of 
the same origin. 
You can also create a selection- which esentially groups together things you are working on underneath 
a title of your choosing, so that you may select groups of items at a time with ease and know exactly 
which ones Illustrator is meaning. 
Each member of the shape family is underneath a different shortcut, M for rectangle, constrained 
shapes with shift and drag, holding option and drag with create a shape from the direct centre of the 
document if known/not known, the elipse tool with L, using the direct selection tool allows you to 
change individual corners/anchor points, clicking alt whilst in direct selection mode will change the 
corners to one of three modes, polygons and stars have no shortcut and so need to be individually 
selected from the shapes on the left side panel. Selecting up and down on the arrow keys will change 
the number of sides your shape has going up and down. Three is the minimum and eleven the maximum. 
Hitting the black slash / is the shortcut to the line tool.

From those notes; I used all of the lettering shortcuts as well as some command ones however I feel
it will take some time for all of it to come naturally.

The prompt that appeals to me most from the Assignment 2 brief is memory.

I think that memory is an interesting concept, perhaps slightyl challening as each persons memories 
value different things. For example, one person may place emphasis on the people in their life, and so
their memories are filled with relationships and all of the connections they have to the people in their
life. Whereas another may find experiences more valuable, as they help us learn and can often be the most
comforting to look back on, like a time at which you were fortunate enough to visit/do/be somewhere you
love. 
For my brainstorm I just began with the obvious titl of memory, and have then branched off of it.
I began with a few strong contenders being the following:
- Childhood
- Past
- Experiences
- Places 
- Identity 
- Emotion 
- Relationships 

Whilst each are different on the surface level I found when writing smaller features of each
that I could often draw a line between the aforementioned sub categories as they are all interconnected
through both broard and specifics. Some examples of this are relationships and emotions, when you see
someone you love, hate, or have a neutral alignment on you often find yourself feeling both.
Or places, childhood and experiences- when you visit somewhere you used to live, you may remember
an experience there, such as learing to ride a bike, and that experience was in your childhood.

Attached are photos of my brainstorm. 

For my icon designs, I have been suggested to consider the following:

A specific platform. 
Recently on social media I have noticed an interesting trend in which a filter scans surroundings
from a taken picture, and turns them into something reminiscent of an early PS2 game, with chunky
graphics, and sharp edges. Somewhat similar to Super Mario 64 and The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.
There is a certain aesthetic that can only be described as a jagged and hazy polygon sort of realm. At 
first I couldn't really see the appeal, as I am an xbox person at heart, and the nostalgia just wasn't
there for me. However I think that sort of blur and those imperfect edges would be perfect for my 
assessment. 
When  I think of a memory, and what it would look like in a game, I picture cloudy and blurred edges- 
because it's hard to look back on something perfectly when you have so many things to remember. The 
brain also struggles to perfectly remember places that you did not spend large amounts of time in, 
I am not sure if this is applicable to everyone but I asked some friends and family how they see 
memories and asked if, when they dream, everything is perfectly to scale or if it feels slightly off 
almost- or uncanny rather. They answered that often it is close, but not perfect by any means, and that
when attempting to recall somewhere far into the past. let's say something exceeding 5 years, they 
have noticed that upon returning to said place it is a far cry or sort of different to what they had thought.
I'm not dull, obviously places and people change over time, and 5 years is extremely minimal in the
larger picture, however I am attempting to cling to this overall idea/thought process for my assessment.
Returning to the subject, I am selecting the PS2.


Context
The context will of course have to be a video game- I acknowledge it will not have the largest
story and the objective simple, to interact with the icons, but I still find it suitable not only
correlating with my platform but just the overall aesthetic I am aiming for.
The user will be placed into a supermarket, and they will be shopping for something, the objective being
to select which memory USBS they wish to purchase/click on, and to observe them.
Whilst this is hardly worth being called a game I just thought it might be fun and a little bit more 
challenging than what I am used to- if I encounter difficulty I can always change things, 

Audience
For my audience, or user rather, I thought it might be nice to do someone ranging from the age of 50-80
As whilst 50 is still quite young in the grande scheme of things I spoke with my parents and they are
of the belief that contemplation begins and you start to reminisce on things from your past, as you
see things that remind you of anything and everything.
This person will not be specifically gendered, and not of a particular ethnicity, but I would like their
story to dictate that they are completely alone; childless, without a partner, or companion animal.

They had grown up prior to humans with ports, and whilst they recieved an augmentation to allow for
the standard two ports in their arm, they feel discontent and perhaps angry at the world, as they cannot
accept change. 
To combat this, their psychologist or any health expert provides them with the recommendation of purchasing
a memory- as when asked if they have anything happy in their memories or anything even slighty notable,
all they can remember is the day the world changed and the bitterness that they feel as a result.

Week 4 Session 2!

This weeks homework task was to create 20 alternative icons for an icon we thought was appropriate at 
represeting its idea. I was not in class for this session, and so I am unsure as to whether or not we
were selecting large brand logos, or if we had a certain list to follow but I found nothing in the canvas
links and so I kept moving forward.
I ended up selecting instagram as I feel it is not only iconic but represents its idea quite well.
I noticed in the tasks description that is said there was a time limit of 10 minutes, and we had
to create all 20 within that time limit. I did not notice this at first and made three icons with 
descriptions in an attempt to go above and beyond, however after noticing my error I created another 17
with a set timer of 8 minutes.
I began with logos that were very different to Instagram's original design, sort of trying to convey
its capabilities or base the imagery off of metaphors, however as I went along I began to play with
ideas that were closer in appearance to Instagrams original logo design.

I have attached each of these, the first three have descriptors as aforementioned. I may return to
this and re-do said first three under a time constraint, however I will consult my assessor first for their
opinion. 